Chiwa
Chiwa is still alive
Mr. Song, you
Are you hallucinating?
You didn't have to do that.
From now on, it will be Neve of Noda.
It's all up to you to get out of the pool alone.
Mr. Song
Ahaha
Mr. Song is really an infatuated person
Lin Mansion gets this husband
I'm so happy.
Extra Extra Extra
The wedding night of Miss Linjiang, the richest man in Haicheng
Fornu committed suicide
Territory unmanned
Son-in-law Song Changqing is about to take over the Linfu
My sister's death must not have been so simple
You go and investigate the truth for me as soon as possible, miss
My parents sent me abroad as a child
No one in Sea City knows of my existence
I must let this moment come to light
Worked as a maid for more than 20 years
Finally one day
You can also get the treatment of the eldest lady
But I really saw beauty today
How is that possible?
Lin Qianyu's body was clearly still in the coffin
Lie down well
Shang Qing, have you lost your mind?
That's a good point.
Ok don't worry
From today on, you are the grandfather of Linfu
I am the wife of Linfu
Not yet.
3 days later
The temporary consortium will open a high-level Senate meeting
To truly inherit the estate of the temporary consortium
You have to get their approval
Don't worry, grandpa won't have any shame.